c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\FTP.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\TAFCORE.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\FTP.pdb
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\TAFCORE.pdb
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\Users\maryia_neiman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.Resource1.resources
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\FTP.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\TAFCORE.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\FTP.pdb
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\TAFCORE.pdb
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.Resource1.resources
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Maryia_Neiman\TAF2\TAFCORE\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
